
Document Fulfillment Services , Inc ( DFS ) , West Sacramento , CA   03/2007 - Present   
  Document Fulfillment Services provides custom document printing and mailing services to a wide range of customers from California state agencies to Credit Unions and Petroleum Fueling Networks .   
    Manager - Information Technologies / Systems Analyst / Programmer - DFS   03/2007 - 09/2011   
    Reported to the General Manager / Owner, managed all aspects of day-to-day network, desktop computer and printer operations   
    Documented all of DFS ' processes.  Sole responsibility for managing successful completion of audit conducted by Sonoma County audit staff .   Working closely with audit staff, created policies , procedures , best practices & compliance documentation , etc.   
    Defined , implemented and enforced corporate standards and policies and procedures resulting from Sonoma County audit.   
    Developed corporate information portal utilizing MS Windows SharePoint 2003 to publish project control timelines , policies and procedures and documentation of DFS ' processes.   
    Worked closely with vendors to create SLAs.   
    Worked closely with customers to analyze requirements to develop, test and implement programs to produce output to satisfy requirements.   
    Regularly participated in troubleshooting inconsistencies in customer's input data to facilitate corrected output under extremely critical timeframes.


Arcadia Biosciences , Inc , Davis , CA   01/2005 - 11/2006   Arcadia provides research and development of Ag . Biotech traits .   
  Manager - Information Technologies - Arcadia Biosciences   2005 - 11/2006   
    Reported to the CFO . 
    Managed 1 FTE and several outsourced support technicians in all aspects of computer - related hardware and software support for 70 + users across 4 geographic locations . 
    Reduced overall IT expenditures by $170K/year by designing and implementing a proprietary network infrastructure.  
    Managed migration from parent company's network.  Managed project to replace an aging and 'at capacity' corporate phone system.  
    Managed implementation of full voice and data solution for greenhouse location.  
    Implemented data backup solution for reliable backups, reducing potential for user error.  
    Responsible for annual operating and capital budgets.


Independent Consulting/Contracting   01/2003 - 12/2004   
    Website development   Get Tutored , Inc . , Falmouth , MA   
    Educational program development - KLEIN Educational Systems, Inc., Davis, CA   
    Web-based newsletter development - SACTO (Sacramento Area Trade Organization), Sacramento, CA  
    Helpdesk technician - UC Davis Department of Architects & Engineers, Davis, CA 

Calgene, LLC - a Monsanto Company  1994 - 2002  
    Managed 7 FTEs in all aspects of computer related and network-related hardware and software support for 400+ users across 5 geographically diverse locations.  
    Successfully implemented and managed help desk.  Implemented ticket tracking system as well as complete set of procedures.  Prioritized projects and help desk requests.  
    Responsible for annual operating budget in excess of $2M as well as a $200K capital budget.  
    Realized an annual cost savings to parent company of $1M by successfully leading an effort to obtain company-wide adoption of a Research and Greenhouse Inventory Management System developed in Davis.  
    Improved internal communications, access to information and efficiencies through design, development and maintenance of Calgene's internal company website.  
    Successfully managed project team to develop and test Calgene's DRP.  
    Selected to participated on Monsanto's Global Disaster Recovery Project Team.  
    Successfully implemented and achieved corporate compliance for Y2K under extremely aggressive time frames.

Ross Systems, Inc., Redwood City, CA  1988 - 1993  
    Worked with all department and levels of the company to coordinate all aspects of software release function for software including maintenance releases as well as new functionality releases.  
    Worked as a COBOL programmer/analyst on various financial applications development teams. 
    Member of the development team responsible for successfully writing a General Ledger Allocations module funded by Microsoft Corporation


Avantek, Inc. - a Hewlett-Packard Company  1982 - 1988  
    Worked closely with users performing maintenance analysis and provramming on existing systems as well as provided customized solutions based on the needs of the business on a Process Manufacturing software package.  
	Program development was in COBOL.  
	Lead Operator on a Sper-UNIVAC 1100/70 mainframe computer in a 24/7 operations department.  
	Responsible for batch submission , tracking, troubleshooting and report distribution to all areas of the company.  
	Performed nightly, weekly, monthly, year-end and archive backups to offline storage